The purpose of the nation is to always preserve the welfare of the people.
The will of the nation is the will of the people.
The people's will is the people's will.
This is the principle of the Tafu Shirei.
If we listen, the responsibility of the people's country and the constitution is great.
We must keep the key of the country.
The vote must be made.
This is the responsibility of the people's independence.
And there's a prosperity.
Hidekiote, I'm here as aì¶”ad, you too.
Why did you punish me?
I don't know.
Please don't royal highness,
please don't be harsh to fifteen years.
I will not do that stuff.
Would the Lord keep his secrets?
This is the first time that the people of the Empire have come here.
The people of the Empire are guided by the world.
The world itself is guided by the knowledge of the world.
The world is not at fault.
The Emperor is a good person.
He is a scholar, a practical scientist, a religious person.
He is a good person, just like the Emperor.
If the people are guided by the world,
the world will be a political place.
A political business will be established.
The people of the Empire are guided by the world.
The people of the Empire are happy that the people of the Empire
have started to learn a little by the sea of the TÅtabu.